we are one people
one world and together we can and we
must
create a future for those who will
inherit the earth
and we need to do it now
louis armstrong said it isn't the world
that's so bad
it's what we are doing to it and imagine
what a wonderful world it would be
if we just gave it a chance
[Music]
i see trees of green
red roses too
i see them blue
[Music]
for me and you
and i think to myself
what a wonderful word
i see skies of blue
and clouds of white
the bright blessed days
the dark sacred nights
and i think to myself
what a wonderful world
the colors of the rainbow
so pretty in the sky
are also on the faces of the people
passing by i see friends shaking hands
saying
how do you do
they're really saying i
love you
i hear babies cry
i watch them grow
they'll learn much more than i
ever know and i
think to myself
what a wonderful word
[Music]
yes i think
to myself
what a wonderful
word